					MOTD
General Rules:

1. Do not hack or do anything that will get you caught by the Anti-Cheat. This includes aimbotting, scripts, and/or finders for printers.


2. Do not randomly kill someone (RDM - Random Death Match)


3. Warn Advertising: Use this when a player is following you to a place that you do not want them to. Tell them to stop and do Warn 1, 2, and 3 in separate adverts with a minimum of 5 seconds apart. You may also do this if a player is body-blocking you in or out of a building.


4. Do not disrespect players in the Out of Character Chat (OOC) as it will not be tolerated.


5. Do not prop abuse. This includes prop climb, prop surf, prop kill, prop block, prop push, prop trap or prop spam.


6. You may not build in designated admin areas including the garage in the residential area and the skybox.


7. Body-blocking is not allowed and you may be killed by players, but they must give you three warnings in /advert.


8. Minging/trolling or actions that could cause you to be seen as a disruption to other players is not allowed on the server.


9. Scamming players out of IRL money/items will result in a permanent ban, although scamming in with in-game items is allowed


10. Do not impersonate any Staff Members. 


11. Evading a ban by using an alternate account will result in a permanent ban on both accounts.


12. No Harassment towards players or staff. This includes homophobia, threats, racism, sexism, anti-religion, ect.  Depending on the severity, it can be a ZERO tolerance situation resulting in a ban. The ONLY exception is using the word “Nigga.”


13. No voice changers or soundboards. The only exception would be if you're using one to play music as a DJ or Hobo.


14. Discussing DDoS is not allowed. If you are heard or reported doing this, you will be permanently banned.


 Some rules may be implemented by staff that are not mentioned here due to loopholes. If you feel that you have been treated unfairly, you may make a report on our discord server. (Link above)


Random Death-Match (RDM):

Do not randomly kill someone (RDM - Random Death Match)

However you MAY kill someone under these circumstances: 

  They have dealt damage to you

  They have injured a squad member

  You are countering/assisting a raid

  They are raiding you

  They have adverted “Kill Me”

  They have crossed a KOS line or went against a KOS sign you have placed

  You make a message in /advert making it clear to another player that they need to                 move/leave an area provided a timeframe of at least 5 seconds per warning. (Three Warnings Minimum)

   You are mugging the player and they pull a gun/run away/shoot at you.


You MAY NOT kill someone under these circumstances:


They are government personnel (if that is the only reason).

They are doing no harm.

You have not given out a warning.

The person is breaking a rule. (Call for staff)

The person is annoying you. (You MUST advert warnings before doing so.)


New Life Rule (NLR):


The New Life Rule states that once you die, you may not have any interaction with your previous life and you may not return to the area in which you died within 5 minutes. If there is a raid, you may not return until the raid is over even once the 5 minutes are up. (NLR does not apply if you are being revived with defib.)


If you are caught interacting with your previous life within 5 minutes of your death, expect to be punished by staff.


NLR does NOT apply to the mayor, SWAT and secret service if they die in a PD or bank raid, however it does apply for them in any other situation.


Sewer monsters are exempt from this rule as long as they are killed in the sewers.



Common Misunderstandings:


1. Custom classes cannot enforce laws, however they can raid, mug, steal, carjack, ect.


2. You cannot request or complete hits on any staff members that are on duty.


3. Citizens may not raid, mug, kidnap or counter. They may only base, use printers and kill other players in self defense.


4. Hitmen can only be arrested if they are seen/heard talking, discussing or completing hits. This only applies if there is a law against hitmen.


5. Do not roleplay in spawn. If you have a hit on someone in spawn, contact the staff team.


6. No multi adverts are allowed. (Ex. /advert raid/over/assist, mug/kidnap/warn)


The following actions must be adverted:


Stealing

Raping 

Raiding

Mugging

Assisting a raid

Countering a raid

PD/Bank raids

Kidnapping

Police raids


7. Sewer monsters are KOS anywhere, including the sewers.


8. Having an un-holstered weapon is legal unless the law board says otherwise.


9. Police officers and SWAT may only do random weapon checks is inside the PD.



Role-playing Rules: 


1. Job abuse will not be tolerated. (Dropping guns, changing jobs to unarrest/self supply, changing jobs to lockpick, etc.)


2. Changing jobs, running into spawn, disconnecting or suiciding to get out of a kidnap or mug is FailRP and is not allowed.


3. When/if you are wanted by the police, you may only kill them if they attempt to arrest or kill you.


4. In order to kill players who enter your base, a KOS line or sign is required. You must state what action will get them killed. (Ex. KOS if passed line, KOS if guns out)


5. You may only defend people if you are affiliated with them somehow. (Squad, RP relationship, same job, ect.) This does not include countering a raid.


6. Hobos may not own doors including fading doors. They also cannot be arrested/killed during lockdown due to not having a base, however they may be asked to stay inside the PD.


7. The mayor and police officers cannot have a base, however they may base inside the PD as long as there is no prop blocking. They may also build directly outside the PD on the sidewalk.


8. Hobos and DJs may play music, however they must be stationary on a stage. Earrape and anything other than music is not allowed.


9. If you accidentally shoot someone while trying to kill a player, /advert Crossfire and apologize, otherwise this may be taken as attempted rdm.

10. If you are part of a squad raid and are killed, you can't go back if your squad members are still raiding.


11. Adverts cannot be colored. (only the standard yellow adverts allowed)


12. No one is allowed to be above the law, and only government jobs are allowed to enforce it.




Squad Rules:


If you are in a squad you may do the following:

Kill the player that damaged your squad member.

Protect your squad member from being arrested.

Avenge your squad member if they were killed




Building Rules:


1. While being raided you may not reset your fading doors after they have been lockpicked.


2. Keypads must be working, have a minimum hold length of 5 seconds and be placed near the door they open.


3. At only one entrance to your base may you have 3 fading doors, however you may not stack fading doors directly on top of eachother.  The rest of the entrances may only have one fading door. You may have a maximum of 5 fading doors in your base.



4. Fading door abuse is not allowed. (You must type in the keypad password if within an RP situation.)


5. A player must be able to enter and exit your building without having to destroy any props. (This would be a prop block.)


6. You cannot make bases with fading door mazes, dropping floors, etc.

7. One-way props, No-collided entrances, and Crouch bases are allowed.


8. Do not build inside unowned buildings or ones that you do not own unless permitted by the buildings owner.


9. Do not build out on the streets or anywhere public. Hobos may build in alleyways and in the streets as long as nothing is propblocked and allows a vehicle to pass through.


10. In order to kill players who enter your base, a KOS line or sign (above size 50 and clearly visible) is required. You must state what action will get them killed. (Ex. KOS if passed line, KOS if guns out)


11. KOS lines are only allowed inside or around the base you own. You may not block off public sidewalks with a KOS line but you may make a line near or around the base entrance.


12. Placing a “BUILDING” sign outside your base will keep other players from disturbing you during RP, however you may not have printers or a KOS sign while in use. If you come across a base with a building sign and are asked to leave, then do.


13. No Mega-basing. Do not block off more than one building and/or a whole section of the map to use as your base. 


14. Do not use textscreens for hate speech or harassment.


15. Hobos may only build on rooftops once getting permission from an admin.


16. Bases must be raid-able by all users and classes. You must build your base thinking as a standard player. Bases where Sweps and specific tools are required to enter are not allowed. 


17. Co-Owning a property with someone is allowed, but you may not own more than 1 property at a time.


18.The owner of the building is the person who owns the front door. If you do not own the door and you are not squaded with the owner, you may not defend the base during raids without advert.



Adverting


All Cooldowns:


Raiding = 10 minutes

Raiding same person = 20 minutes

Mug = 5 Minutes

Mugging same person = 10 Minutes

PD Raid = 20 Minutes (The cooldown is shared between everyone on the server)

You may only stay raiding a base for 10 minutes after taking printers and killing all players inside. This includes the PD.

Kidnapping = 10 Minutes

Kidnapping same person = 20 Minutes

You are only allowed to take a player hostage for a maximum of 20 Minutes.

Rape = 5 Minutes

Rape same person = 10 Minutes

Vehicle jacking = 10 Minutes

Vehicle jacking same vehicle = 20 Minutes

Assisting, Stealing, and Countering have no Cooldown

Bank raid = 15 Minutes (The cooldown is shared between everyone on the server)




Raiding Rules:


1. You may raid as a thief, mercenary, bank robber, and any custom class.


2. You must wait 10 minutes in-between each raid.


3. You may not advertise raids from inside the building, and you may not raid an obviously open and empty building. It will be counted as RDM.


4. Civil protection may only raid while having a warrant on a base.


5. You cannot be raiding a base you already have taken everything and/or killed everyone from for more than 10 minutes.


6. You may raid the PD but you may not take over for more than 10 minutes.


7. In order to raid the PD there must be a mayor or a police officer online. (This includes SWAT)



Mugging Rules:


1. The Max Mug is $10,000


2. Classes that can mug: thief, bank robber, and all custom classes


3. You may not kill the player before waiting 10 seconds for them to drop the money.


4. You must make it clear to another player that they are being mugged. Advert it, tell them physically and make sure they’re aware of the situation. They cannot be AFK.


5. When you are being mugged you may defend yourself by running away or shooting back.


6. Hobos cannot be mugged as they have no money.




Kidnapping Rules:


1. You may defend yourself if someone is trying to kidnap you.


2. Once you are inside the kidnapper’s base you may not use anything in your inventory, including guns. This is Fail RP.


3. The maximum money for ransom is $1,000,000


4. If you kidnap someone who owns a base you may not raid their base unless there are at least two players inside to defend it. 


Government Rules
Civil Protection Rules:


1. Corrupt Civil Protection members are not allowed.


2. You may arrest a player for default laws when there is no mayor.


3. If a law on the law board says (KOS/AOS) you may be either arrested or killed when breaking a law.


4. You may not random pepper spray people, even if they are your friends.


5. Bank security is NOT a part of Civil Protection. The only case where they may enforce the laws is when defending the bank.


6. SWAT/Civil Protection MUST defend the PD and bank whilst they are being raided. Not doing so is Fail RP.


7. Civil Protection members are NOT allowed to arrest hobos during a lockdown since they have no home.


8. Do not randomly weapon check someone unless they’re inside the PD.


9. Do not raid without a warrant. A building open to the public does not require a warrant to go into unless there is a closed-off private area such as a back room.


10. The mayor and police officers may not have a base, however they may base inside the PD as long as there is no prop blocking. They may also build directly outside the PD on the sidewalk.


11. Laws must make sense in a real life scenario. (No silly laws I.E. Breathing, Living, Walking, ect.)


12. Jaywalking cannot be made illegal.


13. Baton rushing is allowed with a valid arrest reason. Taser and Pepper Spray are used as aids in arresting.


14. Do not abuse items given to you for law enforcement. (Flashbangs, mustard gas, pepper spray, ect.) Only use them in self defense.


15. Only the mayor, SWAT, secret service and police officers may enforce laws.


16. Police may not lock the front door of the Police Department.


17. If you leave your cell while arrested you are KOS/AOS..


18. The mayor, police officers, secret service and bank security are allowed to own money printers as long as they are stored in the bank.




Default Laws Of The Land:


1. Do not attack other citizens except in self-defense. (AOS/KOS)


2. Do not steal or break into people’s homes. (AOS/KOS)


3. Money printers/drugs are illegal. (AOS/KOS)


4. Any Disrespect/Harassment towards the Police is (AOS/KOS.)  


5. Resisting Arrest is KOS if you are not able to arrest the suspect


6. Shooting in public is illegal unless in self-defense.




Mayor Commands:


“/Lockdown” Will start a lockdown. Lockdowns mean that nobody should be out of their homes. To end this lockdown use “/unlockdown” (Reasons for lockdown: Adding Laws, PD Being Raided etc.)


“/placelaws” Places a Law Board where you’re looking.


“/addlaw (law)”


Example = /addlaw Raiding is AOS/KOS. This will add a law to your law board.


“/removelaw (law number)”


Example = /removelaw 4. This will remove a law off the law board.


“/resetlaws” This will wipe the law board. Only laws 1-3 will stay.


 



Staff Rules:


(Staff members must still follow the normal rules/laws above.)


1. Do not use admin powers to spawn any entities when off duty. (Like Weapons, Ammo, etc.)


2. Do not noclip/fly when off duty. If you are stuck, you may ask for permission in admin chat to noclip out.
3. Do not disrespect players when in a sit or in OOC chat.


4. Do not lie to any Staff Member, always be honest because this could lead to an even worse punishment.


5. You may not use ANY Ulx commands off duty. Only exception is for no-clipping when stuck.


6. Listen to higher up staff, but if they ask you to do something you believe is abusive or you don't have to do, please use common sense and report to a higher up or directly to Conwell.



7. Report all abuse to an owner or submit a staff report in the Discord. When reporting abuse, ensure that you have evidence. Having evidence would make the case easier resulting in a much easier solution.


8. If you're caught helping or assisting an abusing staff member in any way you will also be punished.


9. When given the staff rank you will have the arrest and unarrest batons in your inventory at all times. You may not use them unless you have a job that comes with them.


10. If a user/staff member is banned do not unban the user/staff unless permission is given by a high staff member.


11. Staff members are expected to be able to handle situations on their own. If help is needed or you are unsure about something, you have to call another staff member for advice.


12. Try not to interfere with other admin sits unless having a good enough reason to. If a staff member requires assistance, ensure that they get help to solve a solution professionally.


13. Whilst ‘On Duty’, do NOT interfere with people's RP experience this includes talking to, giving information, standing on the ground or affecting them in any way. This is the easiest way to get kicked.


14. Try not to go AFK On Duty. This rule does not apply to Overseer and above.


15. Whilst doing staff duties, use common sense and you’ll be just fine.


16. No IP Sniffing (aka don’t grab someone’s IPs and look for their location) Aimed more towards Conwell’s Assistant and higher.


17. Do not teleport to higher ups without permission.


18. Staff on duty may only go inside bases to gather information for a sit or if someone has suspected its a fail base. Do not use this information when going off duty, and DO NOT use this as a way to see inside a base before raiding it.

Owner - Dew
Managers - Tunex, Classic_Fun





